README.md, before:

# Discord-Quick-Meme

[![Discord Bots](https://top.gg/api/widget/status/438381344943374346.svg)](https://top.gg/bot/438381344943374346)[![Discord Bots](https://top.gg/api/widget/lib/438381344943374346.svg)](https://top.gg/bot/438381344943374346)[![Build Status](https://jenkins.chand1012.net/job/DiscordQuickMeme/badge/icon)](https://jenkins.chand1012.net/job/DiscordQuickMeme/)

A discord bot that sends Reddit memes and news to a channel.

## To add

If you are a server owner, just click [here](https://discordapp.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=438381344943374346&scope=bot) and select your channel to add the bot to your channel.

## To use

### General

- Type `!meme` for a meme from a list of Subreddits, currently [r/funny](https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/), [r/dankmemes](https://www.reddit.com/r/dankmemes/), [r/memes](https://www.reddit.com/r/memes/), and [r/dank_meme](https://www.reddit.com/r/dank_meme/).
- Type `!joke` for a joke from either [r/jokes](https://www.reddit.com/r/jokes/) or [r/darkjokes](https://www.reddit.com/r/darkjokes/).
- Type `!news` for a random news article from [r/news](https://www.reddit.com/r/news/), [r/worldnews](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/), [r/FloridaMan](https://www.reddit.com/r/FloridaMan/), or [r/nottheonion](https://www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/).
- Type `!5050` or `!fiftyfifty` to pull a post from [r/fiftyfifty](https://reddit.com/r/fiftyfifty).
- A few secret commands if you're willing to look at the source code.
- Type `!news`, `!link`, `!joke`, `!text`, or `!meme` followed by a subreddit name or a list of names separated with spaces (without the r/) to pull a random top post from that subreddit or from a random subreddit from that list. The `!text` and `!joke` commands post text directly to the chat. The `!link` and `!news` commands get a post that links a website or webpage. Finally, `!meme` get a piece of media, either a photo, a GIF, or a video. Examples: `!joke meanjokes` or `!meme cringetopia cringe`

### Admins

- If you are a server admin, add a role called `Memebot Admin` to your roles. This role allows you to use the `ban` and `unban` commands. These commands allow you ban certian subreddits on either just a channel or the entire server. To ban a subreddit, run the command `!quickmeme ban <mode> <subreddit1> <subreddit2> ...` to ban a subreddit, where mode is either `server` or `channel`.
- Typing `!quickmeme getbanned <mode>`, where `<mode>` is either `server` or `channel` will give you a list of the banned subreddits on either the whole server or just the channel the command was executed on. This command can be executed by both admins and regular users.

## Support

If any support is needed, please post an Issue on the Issues page on Github or join my support server found [here](https://discord.gg/YNnp9uy).

## Additional Random Info and Facts

- This bot caches the 100 "hottest" posts on all subreddits called upon it to decrease the response time to the minimum.
- This bot was made as a side project of mine, an idea as some of my friends were not really Reddit users but I always talked about the memes and posts. They use Reddit now.

## Dependencies

- DiscordGo found [discordgo](https://github.com/bwmarrin/discordgo).
- Graw found [graw](https://github.com/turnage/graw).

### Disclaimer

If its offline, I am probably working on it.

Icon by [sandiskplayer34](https://www.deviantart.com/sandiskplayer34) on [DeviantArt](https://www.deviantart.com/sandiskplayer34/art/Reddit-App-Icon-537731823) via [Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported (CC BY-SA 3.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/).

### Coming Soon

- Caching of common subreddits called by users to allow your favorite subreddits to be constantly cached for fast retrieval.
- Refactor and Further optimization for faster memes.

### To Do

- implement Redis image cache.
  - Images would be cached as a base64 jpeg or png then uploaded to discord and embedded.
- get more users

Commit message:

remove links from messages, add !source command

README.md, after:

# Discord-Quick-Meme

[![Discord Bots](https://top.gg/api/widget/status/438381344943374346.svg)](https://top.gg/bot/438381344943374346)[![Discord Bots](https://top.gg/api/widget/lib/438381344943374346.svg)](https://top.gg/bot/438381344943374346)[![Build Status](https://jenkins.chand1012.net/job/DiscordQuickMeme/badge/icon)](https://jenkins.chand1012.net/job/DiscordQuickMeme/)

A discord bot that sends Reddit memes and news to a channel.

## To add

If you are a server owner, just click [here](https://discordapp.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=438381344943374346&scope=bot) and select your channel to add the bot to your channel.

## To use

### General

- Type `!meme` for a meme from a list of Subreddits, currently [r/funny](https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/), [r/dankmemes](https://www.reddit.com/r/dankmemes/), [r/memes](https://www.reddit.com/r/memes/), and [r/dank_meme](https://www.reddit.com/r/dank_meme/).
- Type `!joke` for a joke from either [r/jokes](https://www.reddit.com/r/jokes/) or [r/darkjokes](https://www.reddit.com/r/darkjokes/).
- Type `!news` for a random news article from [r/news](https://www.reddit.com/r/news/), [r/worldnews](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/), [r/FloridaMan](https://www.reddit.com/r/FloridaMan/), or [r/nottheonion](https://www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/).
- Type `!5050` or `!fiftyfifty` to pull a post from [r/fiftyfifty](https://reddit.com/r/fiftyfifty).
- A few secret commands if you're willing to look at the source code.
- Type `!news`, `!link`, `!joke`, `!text`, or `!meme` followed by a subreddit name or a list of names separated with spaces (without the r/) to pull a random top post from that subreddit or from a random subreddit from that list. The `!text` and `!joke` commands post text directly to the chat. The `!link` and `!news` commands get a post that links a website or webpage. Finally, `!meme` get a piece of media, either a photo, a GIF, or a video. Examples: `!joke meanjokes` or `!meme cringetopia cringe`
- Type `!source` to get the link to the last sent post in a channel. This was changed because people were complaining memes were coming up twice. This is because Discord shows previews of web content, to remedy this I make the link to the post a requested option, rather than removing it completely. 

### Admins

- If you are a server admin, add a role called `Memebot Admin` to your roles. This role allows you to use the `ban` and `unban` commands. These commands allow you ban certian subreddits on either just a channel or the entire server. To ban a subreddit, run the command `!quickmeme ban <mode> <subreddit1> <subreddit2> ...` to ban a subreddit, where mode is either `server` or `channel`.
- Typing `!quickmeme getbanned <mode>`, where `<mode>` is either `server` or `channel` will give you a list of the banned subreddits on either the whole server or just the channel the command was executed on. This command can be executed by both admins and regular users.

## Support

If any support is needed, please post an Issue on the Issues page on Github or join my support server found [here](https://discord.gg/YNnp9uy).

## Additional Random Info and Facts

- This bot caches the 100 "hottest" posts on all subreddits called upon it to decrease the response time to the minimum.
- This bot was made as a side project of mine, an idea as some of my friends were not really Reddit users but I always talked about the memes and posts. They use Reddit now.

## Dependencies

- DiscordGo found [discordgo](https://github.com/bwmarrin/discordgo).
- Graw found [graw](https://github.com/turnage/graw).

### Disclaimer

If its offline, I am probably working on it.

Icon by [sandiskplayer34](https://www.deviantart.com/sandiskplayer34) on [DeviantArt](https://www.deviantart.com/sandiskplayer34/art/Reddit-App-Icon-537731823) via [Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported (CC BY-SA 3.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/).

### Coming Soon

- Caching of common subreddits called by users to allow your favorite subreddits to be constantly cached for fast retrieval.
- Refactor and Further optimization for faster memes.

### To Do

- implement Redis image cache.
  - Images would be cached as a base64 jpeg or png then uploaded to discord and embedded.
- get more users
